warning this video is both very long and
probably boring unless you do now our
will in the future have an interest in
knitting there are also no instructions
on how to knit in this video yap and
warned high as you can probably see i
knit and so can you bidding is a good
way to do something with your hands well
just paying attention with your ears
your eyes even if you get good enough
you don't have to watch I think I first
got into knitting because oh I'm cheap
and so I didn't want to like buy stuff
like that and so it's really nice to be
able to make your own hats and stuff
this is the fourth thing I've knitted so
far well I'm in Parkers all this
obviously but the first thing was a
little yellow square which I didn't like
five years ago or something Oh which
that was when I first looked at in it
but I kind of forgot that i relearned
and i started me this scarf it's kind of
this yeah and which I didn't finish
because I wasn't ever going to wear it
it's kind of like practice for hats I'd
say this is my first hat um that I made
and I like it kind of I'm doing IG I
didn't like I'm doing this one in the
round so uses circular needle which is
there's two needles and then there's
kind of a plastic cable that connects
them so instead of like in straightening
instead of just like knitting and then
and then transferring I mean like didn't
get all on to then up the other needle
and then going back and basically going
back and forth in circular knitting you
just met in a spiral you knit around and
around and around and you don't like
stop and switch but just quote I like it
better and if you just knit regularly
you end up with a totally different
stitch for some strange reason when
you're doing circular knitting you end
up with stockinette or whatever looks
like this and on the other side it looks
more normal like this but the thing is
it kind of curls it on itself and I
didn't know that so I'm trying to press
it and stuff but with this one I'm doing
alternating knit and purl stitches so it
should give it ribbing or some sort of
texture and it already feels thicker so
I'm going to try that and see if that
works this obviously it's not a perfect
hat I'm thinking of giving it to someone
with a smaller head just in case also
the top is kind of like ridged and I
think I pulled it all too tight or
something but anyway I don't think it's
bad for a first try so yeah if you want
to start knitting hats it's probably a
good idea to do some regular straight
knitting like that scarf first just a
practice getting the stitches down so
basically what you need to start I mean
if you're going to do your scarf just
starting out or you need a set of
needles I started with fives which are
really small kind of and so the small of
the needle the tighter the fabric is I
mean like smaller the stitches are going
to be did you see that these stitches
are in five and these stitches are made
from a seven it's not really that much
of a difference that you can see because
they're so close but like
this stuff are huge in the road and
you're gonna it's going to go faster but
it's gonna have like bigger gaps and
stuff like that um so I think that a
good size to sort out is seven maybe a
little bigger I use my boo which is I
think it's supposed to be a little more
expensive than metal but I'm used to it
because my first one is for bambor so I
just like keep using them and I think
eventually they splinters like but that
hasn't happened to bind yet and you'll
also need a whole jar or something if
you're first starting out it might be
easier to use something that's very
gated so that you can so that like the
strings or different color so you don't
get them confused but eventually you can
I mean and also that makes like a cool
like striped pattern without even trying
and then once you've made your practice
scarf you can move on to circular
knitting and um making hats which I
don't know that's a big thing for me but
yeah you can make a lot of stuff and
it's pretty cheap I mean these are like
three bucks or something and needles not
that expensive either i think it's like
a package for like nothing more than
five dollars that's just insanity so
yeah it's a fairly cheap hobby and
you're making clothing sort of so it's
worth checking down I think so later on
i'm going to be posting videos about
like the individual stitches and like
actual technical stuff so if anyone's
out there watching wait and see videos
this episode of radeon 7x brought to you
by Ojai's for people who are surprised
at the beginning of their video
oh hi I'm just didn't